hey guys welcome to my channel hi from
California today we're talking about 100
most common English words if you're
interested in learning words that make
up 50% of all written English please
continue watching this video there is
the set of texts called Oxford English
corpus which includes two billion words
and what they've done they've collected
words from internet books magazines and
they come up with this list and actually
a hundred most common words make up 50%
of those texts and I split those words
into categories for you and we're gonna
start with now and now we're gonna go
through those words I'm gonna give you
examples I'm gonna give you a context
because the best way to memorize the
word is to see it in the context so
let's go now number one time what time
is it right now word number two person I
am a person I am a person three year
happy new year happy new 2018 me Thalia
way can you tell me the way to the city
center
then you can tell me what to do but
right now it is the other way around day
what day is it today it's Friday what is
today Friday thing what is this thing
this is a planner man
man a boy grew up and became a real man
isn't a real man world the world is mine
or just the world the planet where we
live life it's such a wonderful life
[Music]
hand give me a hand
give me your hand part America is a part
of the world child she's recently had a
child Daniel I this is your eye drugs
woman I'm a woman woman place this is
the most beautiful place in the world by
the way I think San Francisco is one of
the most beautiful places in the world
week a week is seven days case he
defended his case in court case closed
point what's the point in traveling so
far or sometimes the point can be a dot
government government a people who ruled
the country go for me company I run my
own company this is my company number
what is your favorite number and you get
my favorite number by the way my
favorite number is 13 because it was
born on the 13th of March group I
recently joined a singing group
[Music]
problem what is your problem what is
your problem me what are you doing fact
fact is something you know for sure I am
in San Francisco this is a fact
now we are moving into verbs and verbs
means action
the first verb is B be have I have a
beautiful shirt I have no idea do I like
to do videos on YouTube do say I like to
say things about English language yet
can I get that coffee please
make how do you make a cake yourself at
home go let's go for a walk let's go
let's go
no I know you and you know that I'm
marina take let me take that something
when you want to help somebody in the
street let me take that see I see you
you see me I see you come come and visit
me tomorrow come with me
think I think this video is super useful
look look at me and memorize what I'm
saying make me want I want to go to
Canada
in 2018 give I love to give presents
give me their youth can I use your
cellphone find I'm so glad I found you
so I find you tell let me tell you
something let me tell you something ask
can I ask you something work I work
every day from 9:00 to 6:00 typical
office day 9:00 to 6:00 work from 9:00
to 6:00 usually my workers seem you
remember the song right sorry seems to
be the hardest word
[Music]
this is when something looks like
something but it's not feel I feel you
guys I feel your pain of learning
English language feel dry I love to try
different things I love to try ballet
I love try yoga I love to try piano I
love to try singing I love to try things
leave don't leave me stay on this
channel stay in this video don't leave
don't switch off your computer call can
you call me please
hello mommy the next category is
adjectives and adjectives help you
describe something good have a good day
okay okay take knew I just got a new
sticker on my phone to hold my cards
this is new just got it first what is
the first thing you do when you wake up
in the morning first what's the first
rule last what is the last thing you do
before you go to bed what I do by the
way I think I check my Instagram the
last thing before I go to bed if you
don't follow me yet please follow its
lengua marina on instagram long how long
is an hour one hour is 6 to 8 minutes
long
[Music]
great have a great day great amazing
beautiful little Oh little I'm sorry I'm
a little late
little oh I like to own cars instead of
renting them so I like to have my own
car instead of going to a rental company
every day asking for a car author
YouTube is my hobby my other hobbies
include fitness yoga and hiking other
story old how old are you I am 27 years
old how old are you 27 right to the
right to the left big the world is so
big world is big place
hi it's not like hi it's high toll very
high different English and German are
different languages they are not the
same small hamsters you know those small
animals are really small hamsters
my Calibri birds are the smallest small
talk small talk small talk large this
shirt is a little too large which means
it doesn't really fit it's a loose fit
and it's large
next so what's next what next early I
don't like waking up early I wake up at
around 10 a.m. every morning I love to
sleep honestly young she's very young
she's just 14 years old he is a lovely
young lady important this is an
important video because during this
video you'll learn a hundred most used
English words whew I have a few good
friends which means I have some good
friends I know if he moves public I love
public speaking'
I love talking to people some people are
afraid of public speaking bad I don't
think being shy is bad bad is the
opposite of good what is good
what is bad you are bad at math same I'm
not the same as it used to be in 2016
I've changed a lot able I am able to
speak English are you able to speak
English I think you are now okay let's
go to the next category prepositions to
let's go to London go back to London
ah do you remember the song piece of
meat by Britney Spears in I am in San
Francisco for what would you like to get
for your birthday on I'm sitting on a
couch with I'm recording this video with
a new Sony camera
at I should finish at around 9:00 p.m.
by come by any time you want
I'm waiting for you from from the bottom
of my heart
donation us up wake up and get your
things done up about what are you
talking about she talked it into I'm
into you means I love you I fancy you
you're amazing
I'm into you over this video is not over
yet we're still going there are about
twenty seven words to go and then you're
done then you know 50% of English
language after I think it's too late to
come after 9 p.m.
try to come earlier after what after
after and now I will just go through the
parts of speech that are left and they
belong to different parts of speech so
let me just mention those to you that
and a that I it
not he as you this but his they her she
or and will my one all would their and
last word is their if you have been
watching attentively you might have
noticed that I've named a little more
than 100 words and I actually named 114
that's why because I wanted to include
more announced this is 50% of all
written English and I congratulate you
on reaching this milestone now you know
50% of all written English let me know
guys if there were words that you didn't
know let me know if you enjoyed this
video by hitting like and subscribing to
this channel and the best way to
practice the new words is use them in
context so think of sentences think of
different phrases that you can use to
embed those words and another great way
to practice actually the best way to
practice is to go to an english-speaking
country and immerse yourself into
English by staying with locals and going
to a language school and lingo trip calm
is my company that's gonna help you with
that and it's a booking platform for any
country so you can be from anywhere in
the world and you could use it to come
to the UK United States Canada Australia
whatever you want so please let me know
if you enjoyed it comment below and I'll
see you in the next videos bye
[Music]